All non-probing frames on new paths (#276)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

the server MUST perform path validation ({{Section 8.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}})
unless it has previously validated that address.

> If validation succeed, the client can continue to use the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If validation succeeds, the client can continue to use the path.
```
Maybe?

If validation fails, the client MUST NOT use the path and can
remove any status assiciated to the path initation attempt.
{{Section 9.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} introduces the concept of
"probing" and "non-probing" frames. When the  multipath extension
is negoatiated, the receiption of "non-probing"

> packet on a new path needs to be consider as an path initiation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packet on a new path needs to be considered as an path initiation
```

attempt that does not impact the path status of any existing

> path. Therefore, any frame can be send on a new path at any time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path. Therefore, any frame can be sent on a new path at any time
```

> as long as the congestion control limits are respected.

Author: ```suggestion
as long as the congestion control limits are respected.
Specially, bundling the PATH_RESPONSE frame with an MP_ACK frames
can be beneficial.
```
Do we want to add that as well? Or maybe somewhere else in the text?

Reviewer: This is a point worth pointing out, though it might be better to state at a place where we say that ACK for a path should be sent consistently from one path.

> as long as the congestion control limits are respected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as long as the anti-amplification limits ({{Section 21.1.1.1 of RFC9000}}) and the congestion control limits are respected.
```

> as long as the anti-amplification limits ({{Section 21.1.1.1 of RFC9000}}) and the congestion control limits are respected.

Author: ```suggestion
as long as the anti-amplification limits 
({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control limits are respected.
```

Further, in contrast with the specification in
{{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, the server MUST NOT assume that

> receiving non-probing packets on a new path with a new Connection ID 

Author: ```suggestion
receiving non-probing packets on a new path with a new Connection ID
```

indicates an attempt
to migrate to that path.  Instead, servers SHOULD consider new paths
over which non-probing packets have been received as available

> for transmission. Only the reception of "non-probing" frames on a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for transmission. Reception of QUIC packets on a new
```
I think it is considered migration when CID is the same, regardless of the types of the frames being conveyed?

the server MUST perform path validation ({{Section 8.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}})
unless it has previously validated that address.

If validation succeeds, the client can continue to use the path.
If validation fails, the client MUST NOT use the path and can

> remove any status assiciated to the path initation attempt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
remove any status associated to the path initation attempt.
```
In addition, I am not sure if we should refer to "status" or "state" here

{{Section 9.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} introduces the concept of

> "probing" and "non-probing" frames. When the  multipath extension
> is negoatiated, the receiption of "non-probing"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"probing" and "non-probing" frames. When the multipath extension
is negotiated, the reception of "non-probing"
```

packet on a new path needs to be considered as an path initiation

> attempt that does not impact the path status of any existing

Reviewer 2: I am not sure to understand the mention of "path status" of existing paths when initiating a new path.

Author: because with migration, you basically open a new path and effectively close the old path at the same path. But we can definitely simply remove the term "path status". Does that help?
```suggestion
attempt that does not impact any existing
```

Reviewer 3: +1 Quentin. Or maybe "does not impact the status of any existing [path]"

path. Therefore, any frame can be sent on a new path at any time

> as long as the anti-amplification limits 

Author: ```suggestion
as long as the anti-amplification limits
```

> ({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control limits are respected.

Author: ```suggestion
({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control
limits for this path are respected.
```
Any better?

> ({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control limits are respected.

Reviewer 2: The anti-amplification limit only apply on non-validated paths, right? Also, each of these limits are path-specific and probably deserves stating it.

Further, in contrast with the specification in
{{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, the server MUST NOT assume that
receiving non-probing packets on a new path with a new Connection ID
indicates an attempt
to migrate to that path.  Instead, servers SHOULD consider new paths
over which non-probing packets have been received as available
for transmission. Reception of QUIC packets on a new
path containing a Connection ID that is already in use on another path

> should be considered as path migration as further discussed in {{mirgation}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should be considered as a path migration as further discussed in {{migration}}.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Not a blocking comment, but there is a little issue of how this interacts with PATH_STANDBY and PATH_AVAILABLE. In another PR, we specify that status messages can be sent before a path is created. So we have the case where the peer has received a PATH_STANDBY, and then receives a path validating packet. I would think that the explicit status specified in path status frames always takes priority over the implicit status derived from monitoring the reception of non-probing packets.

Author: I don't think there is an issue. Path status relies to a DCID that the other end is using. So if you receive packets on a new path and you want to signal path status for that path, you should send a path status frame together with your path challenge.

Once the implementation has decided which paths to keep alive, it can do so by sending Ping frames
on each of these paths before the idle timeout expires.

> ## Connection ID Changes and NAT Rebindings {#mirgation}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Connection ID Changes and NAT Rebindings {#migration}
```
